I like to hop around. I am a tadpole when I am young. I am green and I croak. Also, I catch flies with my long tongue. What am I?
>Frog
I am small but I can climb a tower. What am I?
>Ant
What jumps when it walks and sits when it stands?
>Kangaroo
I am an animal you might love, but I am too big to be your pet. I have an extremely long trunk. And it is said I never forget. What am I?
>Elephant
I am an animal named after the animal that I eat. What am I?
>Anteater
I like to use my long tongue to eat leaves from the tops of trees and it is easy with my long neck. What am I?
>Giraffe
With four oars I swim, but I am always at home. My back is like armour, tougher than chrome. What am I?
>Turtle
I sleep by day and fly at night, but I have no feathers to aid my flight. What am I?
>Bat
My wings are used as flippers, so in water, I can flow. Sometimes when on land I slide on my belly in the snow. What am I?
>Penguin
I am a king without a crown. What am I?
>lion
I am the strangest creature you'll ever find: two eyes in front and many more behind. What am I?
>Peacock
Some people are scared of me because I can have a big bite. So be careful out in the ocean, one of my kind is a Great White. What am I?
>shark
I am a pet that has four legs, and a tail at the end. You might hear me barking, and I am known as man's best friend. What am I?
>dog
I am a type of animal. Some say that I have a long face. I am very good at running fast. So, people ride me in a race. What am I?
>Horse
I live in a field. Milk is what I make. My help gives you leather and a juicy steak. What am I?
>cow
I stink in living, but when dead smells good. What am I?
>pig
I am grey, but I am not a wolf, long-eared, but not a rabbit, with hooves, but not a cow. What am I?
>donkey
You might be called me if someone thinks that you are afraid. I am something that you might eat as well as the eggs that I laid. What am I?
>chicken
I am a farm animal. I can live on a farm or in the mountains. I like to kick. I also give milk and people can make yummy cheese from it. What am I?
>goat
I am yellow and have webbed feet. I can swim in the water. What am I?
>duck
What goes in the water black and comes out red?
>lobster
My name is spelt similar to a type of alcohol, and like a drunk, I can sleep for a long long time. I also rhyme with the thing humans need the most. What am I?
>bear
I can jump, I can swim, I swing from tree to tree and I make a house much bigger than myself. What am I?
>spider
I am little and I have a prickly house. The pointed weapons keep back from pains. So I, unarmed, safe in my fort remain. What am I?
>hedgehog
If a man would carry my burden he would break his back. I am not rich but leave silver in my track. What am I?
>snail
What peels like an onion but still remains whole?
>lizard
I am known as a sign of peace. And from Noah's ark won quick release. What am I?
>dove
